Support return a dict for graph schema (#1682)
alibaba/GraphScope: docs/frequently_asked_questions.rst

        The elegant one is creating ``graphscope`` user and user group first, and then grant the access permission on ``graphscope`` to the related NFS directories.

12. why ``Timeout Exception`` raised during launching GraphScope instance on kubernetes cluster?

    It will take a few minutes for pulling image during the first time for launching GraphScope instance. Thus, the ``Timeout Exception`` may caused by a poor network connection.

>     You can increase the ``timeeout_seconds`` parameter as your expect by ``graphscope.set_option(timeout_seconds=600))``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can increase the value of ``timeout_seconds`` parameter as your expectation by ``graphscope.set_option(timeout_seconds=600))``.
```

>     You can increase the value of ``timeeout_seconds`` parameter as your expectation by ``graphscope.set_option(timeout_seconds=600))``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    You can increase the value of ``timeout_seconds`` parameter as your expectation by ``graphscope.set_option(timeout_seconds=600))``.
```
